# cs135.txt  (reddit)  — 14 units

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS 135"] ChatSpamKappaRoss: Take a look at every project the day its published and think about how you'll solve it for that day, then once you have a solution implement it. The class is straightforward and not very theory heavy at all, just put more than the bare minimum into projects and youll be fine. If you wanna get past 135 though and actually pass 202 next semester, take it seriously or you'll drop it along with the other third within a month.

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS 135"] stephantn: Hi I’m not sure what your major is but like most people have said, 135 tends to be a weed out class. For some people, it’s pretty easy but I’d say a majority of the class tends to struggle with it. It’s very common for people to take this class twice and there are a lot of resources to help you but you need to find them and be aware of them. The information, at first, is very overwhelming especially if you’ve never coded before. If you’re trying to fulfill your CO12 requirement, take SCI 425 (or something like that). It’s a 1 credit class that I’ve heard is pretty easy. I personally would never recommend this class to anyone that wanted an easier alternative or an easy A. If you are an engineering (specifically CS, EE, BME), math, or physics major then I can see why your advisor recommended this course for you. Otherwise, you’re taking this for fun. Coding is a very valuable skill but be ready to put the work in for this class.

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS 135"] toastgt: I am going to be doing BME, which is why my advisor recommended this class. Thank you for the response. In the past, I did learn C++ and Python but that was years ago and I did not practice it so I can't really remember much.

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS 135"] VerisimilitudinousAI: If you have programming experience this class should be easy. Like stephantn said, it is a weed out class. Some people will find coding very challenging, while others think it is extremely easy/straightforward. If you already learned some programming in the past and aren't afraid of it, then you are in the latter category. I'd take the class, it is very valuable and not nearly as hard as some here are trying to make it out to be.

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS 135"] stephantn: What other classes are you taking if you don’t mind me asking? I used to be BME but I switched to Applied Math pretty early on in my undergrad.

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS 135"] 6y ago: Took it during the summer with Keith. It wasn't hard but I had a background in digital electronics from the navy so I understood how computers stored information which made a lot of the material easy to grasp. The projects are pretty substantial and it is difficult to put a hard time estimate for project completion because of unforeseen bugs. My advice is to start projects early and go ask for help if you get stuck. Programming might not come as naturally for some people so you need to hedge against CS 135 projects taking up too much of your time.

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS 135"] refreezedwater: I’m not a STEM major but I decided to take CS135 just to gain some coding knowledge. Imo I’ve learned a lot from that class and I don’t regret taking it. Like others have stated, the class is pretty straightforward. I had Davis instead of Keith but the contents, projects, and labs are the same. Davis is extremely helpful and will help you understand the concepts at a more simplistic level - she’s awesome! I will say: the lectures don’t necessarily help you with the Programming Assignments, but there are many sources (Prof, TAs, TFs) that you can seek help from. It’s a pretty easy class; with all the Programming Assignments, exams, and labs, I had a high A. The only thing that screwed my grade was the final group project. The worst part is that you don’t get to choose your group members so just hope that you’ll have hardworking peers.

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS 135"] VerisimilitudinousAI: I took CS135 last semester and thought it was pretty straight forward and kind of fun. Definitely less work than math or science courses. One programming assignment per week, able to finish in one sitting (1-3hrs). Didn't have to put in any extra time studying or anything.

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS 135"] toastgt: what professor did you take

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS 135"] VerisimilitudinousAI: I had Erin Keith. I thought she paced the class well, had good communication, and a pleasant personality.

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS 135"] VerisimilitudinousAI: I wouldn't judge the quality of any program by the difficulty of my experience alone, I am 36 years old and have developed good time and stress management that has helped tremendously. The material was adequately covered in lecture, and it was easy to apply it to the assignments. All in all it took about 30 hrs of my time outside of class, and the lectures were about 35 hours. Learning the basics of C in 65 hours was not that hard in my experience. I found memorizing things for science classes much harder and time consuming, and thought Calc 2/3 took a bit of time to study beyond just the assignments. I'm sure others have had a different experience, a lot of people in the class failed the tests, which had 60% averages before the curve. I just didn't find it at all difficult, and looked forward to the assignments like a fun puzzle.

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS 135"] orangegiraffe22: Is it possible for you to switch it for a fine art credit or CH class? Those to me would be “easier” than CS 135, everyone I knew that took it didn’t have a good time. It’s a weed out class for CS majors (to help some people decide to change their major) so at times it’s harder than needed. This all depends on your major and the other courses in your load. Also depending on how many other credits you need, you could take a 1 credit PE class (PEX) that is pass/fail. There are cool PEX classes like swimming or scuba, and others like cycling.

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS 135"] toastgt: I took my fine art credit before coming to UNR and I do need a 3 credit class

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS 135"] orangegiraffe22: Could you do a CH credit (required for everyone, usually CH 20/202)?