# davis_rant.txt  (reddit)  — 6 units

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS202 Sara Davis Rant"] original post: Question/Discussion This is a rant for Sara's CS202 class over the summer. I have never been so annoyed in this class. I have heard that 202 is excessively harder, perhaps even harder over the summer, but I don't know what this class has against me. Every time I think I am prepared and know what I'm doing, I end up doing worse than before. Granted, Sara teaches fast, and she throws curveballs quickly, but I don't know why things are just not clicking the way they were in 135. I couldn't believe that Erin had people in the class that were not passing. But ever since 202 has began, I feel like I have constantly been placed at the very end. Just today, we had our second exam, and my grade is currently sitting at a C. I don't know how I did on this exam, but I know I definitely did worse than the previous one. I am just so sick and tired of trying so hard to make sure that I am getting everything down only to do terrible. The assignments take so long to finish, but it is definitely going. We have 3 lectures left and I honestly don't know whether I should retake the course. Sara gave us two exams to review, and forgot to put in the solution to one of the practice exams on templating and inheritance, which was an important concept for the exam (templating was not). I feel like every single assignment, lab, test has some kind of problem and that is just making me fall back even more. If I’m being honest Sara is probably the worst teacher I’ve had personally in the entire CS department. I didn’t take 202 with her (I’ve have heard many horror stories just like yours) but I have taken her for 446 and it baffles me how a teacher like her is teaching a 400 level class. I pray you do pass, there are many great teachers aside from her. After that though make sure to avoid the rest of her classes she teaches like a plague.

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS202 Sara Davis Rant"] Public_Procedure_271: sadly she is teaching 302 next semester. if op is taking 202 now, they are most likely going to have sara for 302 as erin is stepping back

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS202 Sara Davis Rant"] [deleted]: Y'all missing out on the OG, the Goat, Dr. Lancaster.

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS202 Sara Davis Rant"] Glarity: Lancaster for 202 was so chill, he had sound effects and stuff it was great

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS202 Sara Davis Rant"] kash0331: RIP, I took his CPE class and he was by far the best professor I had at UNR.

[Reddit r/unr discussion — "CS202 Sara Davis Rant"] PuzzleheadedAnswer14: Yeah I never liked sara’s teaching style and personally feel like she’s just a bit rude. I took 202 with Erin and it was a breeze for me (although still took considerable work). Erin is truly the best teacher in the CS department IMO. Really sorry you had that experience sometimes you just get unlucky, try not to beat yourself up too much!