# sara_davis.txt  (rmp)  — 11 units

[Rate My Professors profile — Sara Davis, Computer Science department, University of Nevada - Reno] Overall quality 1.7/5 based on 46 ratings. 18% of students would take Sara Davis again. Level of difficulty 4/5.

[Rate My Professors review — Sara Davis, course CS302] Quality 2.0/5, Difficulty 5.0/5. Attendance: Mandatory. Grade: B. Review: Clearly loves this field If you're transferring and don't already know C++ you're f'd. No time dedicated to catching up Lectures slow and boring - "who can explain what x is" Slides purely for presenting - confusing on their own and no help for homework or studying hw grade is super op Sometimes talks to the class like an elementary school teacher Student tags: Tough grader, Group projects, Graded by few things, Helpful.

[Rate My Professors review — Sara Davis, course CS302] Quality 4.0/5, Difficulty 4.0/5. Attendance: Mandatory. Grade: A. Review: Despite what most reviews say, Sara Davis was a great teacher when it came to this class. At some points she would speed through things, however she posts the slides so you can look back at them later. She also posts resources for each topic we covered. She was really helpful in office hours, and was willing to go over questions I had. Student tags: Gives good feedback, Lots of homework, Lecture heavy, Helpful.

[Rate My Professors review — Sara Davis, course CS302] Quality 2.0/5, Difficulty 3.0/5. Attendance: Mandatory. Grade: A. Review: Sara was really something throughout the semester. She seemed to have a good understanding of the material and responded very fast. The assignments were graded much faster than other typical CS courses. However, during lecture she would rush and try to hurry up for no reason. You were on your own to figure out key nooks and cases on assignments. Student tags: EXTRA CREDIT, Lecture heavy, Test heavy, Helpful.

[Rate My Professors review — Sara Davis, course CS302] Quality 2.0/5, Difficulty 4.0/5. Attendance: Mandatory. Grade: Not sure yet. Review: She seemed very unorganized, and just reused slides from another 302 instructor. She was nice at times but was really intense which made it difficult to ask questions. What was required for assignments wasn't conveyed very well in my opinion. One thing she was good at is communication. It's very easy to reach her on the class slack channel. Student tags: Participation matters, Lots of homework, Lecture heavy, Helpful.

[Rate My Professors review — Sara Davis, course CS302] Quality 2.0/5, Difficulty 4.0/5. Attendance: Mandatory. Grade: A. Review: Transferred from CSN, and it took 11 weeks for us to go over material not in 202. Besides that, the assignments themselves were very vague and provided no feedback. 2 HW assignments are partnered. Lecture slides are from Erin, but Sara can be very helpful during office hours. Also willing to accommodate. However, TAs are very rude and unhelpful. Student tags: Tough grader, Graded by few things, Accessible outside class, Helpful.

[Rate My Professors review — Sara Davis, course CS302] Quality 4.0/5, Difficulty 3.0/5. Attendance: Mandatory. Grade: A+. Review: sara reused slides from the previous professor and didn't bother to change them, but these slides helped much more than sara's slides in 202. most of the other reviews are for 202 and i think she took that as constructive criticism. she is very unorganized and kind of rude when asking her questions. after curve and adjustments i got a 100 on exam 1 Student tags: Lecture heavy, Test heavy, Helpful.

[Rate My Professors review — Sara Davis, course CS302] Quality 3.0/5, Difficulty 4.0/5. Attendance: Not Mandatory. Grade: Not sure yet. Review: data structures is a mediumish class when it comes to difficulty. it isn't that hard but sara does start randomly coding in class, but the lecture slides are pretty straightforward and they help a lot (she reuses erin's slides)intimidating, gets really pissed for asking clarifying questions (which i get because people do ask weird ones). Student tags: Tough grader, Lecture heavy, Test heavy, Helpful.

[Rate My Professors review — Sara Davis, course CS302] Quality 1.0/5, Difficulty 4.0/5. Attendance: Not Mandatory. Grade: A-. Review: She is a horrible professor - in her email after grading the midterm included "75% of the class earned a C or better, which is my goal with big core classes like this," and the class average was a 73. She uses vague rubrics and leaves no other feedback to improve. She approaches every question like the student is asking for a grade adjustment too. Student tags: Tough grader, Lots of homework, Lecture heavy, Helpful.

[Rate My Professors review — Sara Davis, course CS302] Quality 2.0/5, Difficulty 4.0/5. Attendance: Mandatory. Grade: Not sure yet. Review: This is Sara's first time teaching 302, and I think her other reviews have summed her up pretty well in general. I sat for 30 minutes waiting on exam day because she did not make enough copies for everyone (about 1/3 class was). I felt that that was extremely unfair, and Sara sort of speeds through lectures like she has somewhere else to be. Student tags: Tough grader, Lecture heavy, Test heavy, Helpful.

[Rate My Professors review — Sara Davis, course CS302] Quality 1.0/5, Difficulty 5.0/5. Attendance: Mandatory. Grade: Drop/Withdrawal. Review: Queen of giving snobby remarks. She talks so fast in lectures (and sadly is the only one offering this class) that I do not get anything down. I feel like everything she says makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. Also gets very pissed when you ask her a question and she doesn't like it and is very rude during office hours. Student tags: Tough grader, Test heavy, Accessible outside class, Helpful.